ko-fi.com/pearlfansub
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
In a wild era.
mankind discovered the secret
to immortality. to stop dreaming!
Those who dream in secret are called "The Dreamer."
They fracture reality. warp history
and leave time in spasms.
A certain Dreamer remains faceless to the world.
for he has retreated into a derelict corridor of time
—the movies.
Those who see past the veil are called "The Vigil."
They take the shape of
whatever the dreamer loves most.
to drag the Dreamer back to the waking world.
Poppies!
Could this Dreamer be hiding in an opium den?
Opium Maid:
"Hurry! The masters have not had their fill!"
"Feed the monster more.
We need it to produce more tears."
DANGER!!!
The Dreamer has no wish to harm her.
he only desires to give her the flowers.
Yet. these illusions will consume her.
The Vigil turned her eyes into mirrors
to break free from the illusion.
forcing the Dreamer to
see his own hideous reflection.
"Stop dreaming!
Your life will burn away to nothing.
and the flames will spread."
"Though the illusion is painful.
it is undeniably real.
I refuse to live in that hollow world!
Please. just kill me!"
She did not know
what it was the Dreamer clung to so desperately.
And so. she quietly led him away.
She purged the Dreamer's memories of the poppies.
seeking the heart obscured within this monster.
She wanted to see how such a heart was formed.
The rotating device within the Dreamer's heart
awakened a long-forgotten feeling in her!
It was a feeling
far different from the poppies!
More foreign. more dangerous. more liberating!
—The feeling of dreaming!
She closed the eyes of the Dreamer
deciding to end him in this way.
These remaining scraps
at the moment the Dreamer died
pushed his dream
out by a hundred years.
The Dreamer's life continued to drift
sinking deeper.
He couldn't tell
if the monster bearing the heavy shell was him
or the one in the mirror.
He heard a terrifying sound.
a sound that felt deeply dangerous.
Commander. the sheet music.
Bring him back.
A sharp object pierced the left neck
rupturing the blood vessels.
Death by blood loss.
What about his ears?
Perforated wounds in both ears
damaging the canals.
The eardrums were severely damaged.
It looks self-inflicted.
[Station Spy Murder Investigation]
[Suspect: Qiu Moyun. Mental state: unstable]
What's going on?
You have the wrong number.
What are you thinking of?
Wake up.
A room.
What kind of room?
A room full of mirrors.
I can't tell
which one is the real me.
Qiu Moyun.
Why did you kill him?
The room was like a maze.
I was trapped inside for so long.
Only he found me.
He found a way to get me out.
Qiu.
Then he went mad.
The train is coming.
Don't be afraid.
Qiu.
Qiu. don't be afraid.
Don't be afraid. the train is coming.
Qiu.
Do you know.
to hear
your voice.
to hear it
I'm willing to make this world
go quiet.
Go quiet.
What song was he humming before he died?
Think carefully.
There's a number.
478.
Commander. listen.
It's all this sound.
What's the emergency?
Do me a favor. Commander.
Bring that killer
back alive.
Name your price.
One last job together.
This secret mission
codename. Qiu.
Is a mentally unstable man
worth all this trouble?
I thought people like us only cared about money.
I have to warn you this time.
Keep him alive. don't investigate on your own.
I'll reimburse your train fare.
I heard
you're like our musician.
You play
a strange theremin.
[Evidence]
Decode it immediately and report to me.
Yes.
[Will return with the case]
Put him down.
What is your relationship with the deceased?
Commander.
I can't explain it.
He said the sounds I make
were more beautiful
than his music.
Did he have a special box?
He had a box
he carried with him.
What was it like?
Heavy.
Less than two feet tall.
Metal attached to the top.
A black net on the side.
The opening
seemed to be on the back of the box.
I wanted to open it.
But the bombers came.
Everything was left in that room.
Tickets. tickets!
Tickets! I need three tickets!
Are you looking for a box?
Commander.
do you know
there's a kind of frog around here.
They croak all night long
just to attract their own kind.
The louder they croak.
the easier it is for their predator to find them.
So.
on a spring night
they croak with hunger
while fearing being eaten by bats.
The more they fear.
the hungrier they are.
The hungrier they are
the more they want to croak loudly.
Ribbit.
What's inside?
Commander.
it seems you still don't understand what I'm saying.
Our fates
are tied to the same rope.
Legend says this box
drives people mad.
I think you're becoming pathological.
If this continues. you'll end up like the musician.
Take advantage of the heavy fog these days
and find a way to hand him over to the usual spot.
Under that burning tree.
Go dance.
Yes.
Good day. Commander.
Air raid siren!
Commander.
Are you crazy?
There's thick fog tonight
how could there be an air raid?
[Mirror Shop]
Open it.
This is a theremin!
Commander.
That agent gave me the codename The Box.
There really is a sound inside me.
It scares me.
I want to find a place to hide.
I don't want anyone to hear it.
Which organization do you actually belong to?
I only belong to myself.
I'm willing to make this world
go quiet
to hear your voice.
She sealed the Dreamer's ears
to keep him asleep.
Twenty years later
in a season that never snowed.
The Dreamer. staggering
had grown used to his ever-changing form.
You little bastard.
Which road?
How do we move it?
Careful.
Slow down.
Lift it up.
I can't lift it!
Move it.
It won't move.
Just move the stuff inside.
Why are we moving
this strange thing?
It's exhausting.
Pack it up.
Go.
It's too cold.
Let's pack and get something hot to eat.
Pack up.
Get something hot.
Sure. let's go.
Captain.
Everything is packed.
I don't smoke.
You've given up monkhood already.
When the Buddha set the commandments
he didn't know what nicotine was.
I heard sounds inside just now.
This thing is so heavy.
Could there be something in there?
I don't know.
When I was at this temple
this Buddha statue wasn't here.
You little bastard.
start being honest.
Captain. I really don't know.
Treasure the chance I'm giving you.
If you don't believe me
I'll break it open for you to see.
The train seats are filled with
Buddhas and Bodhisattvas.
You stay behind.
Meet the team tomorrow
and take their car back.
You little bastard.
The pain is unbearable.
I'm merciful.
Now I'll tell you how to cure a toothache.
Use your tongue to find the bitterest piece of gravel
and use that stone to hit your tooth.
Hit it hard. do you hear me?
Holy grounds?
Don't joke with me.
You little bastard.
Why did you throw me so far away?
Don't hide.
Who are you?
I am the Bitter Demon.
A demon on the verge of becoming Buddha.
Everything bitter
produced on this land
stems from my cultivation.
If you're becoming Buddha. why are you climbing walls?
I promised the Buddha
not to use supernatural powers here.
So you've just turned into a human.
That's not my fault.
Actually. my appearance
is decided by your heart.
I want to ask for your help.
I'm just one step away
from becoming Buddha.
You becoming Buddha...
How can I help you?
When I was living in your tooth
I felt your deep sins.
I just want to figure out
the taste of these sins.
Once you leave this temple gate
the Buddha can't control me.
What does you becoming Buddha have to do with me?
Lend me a light.
There was no sun or moon that day.
The moment I opened my eyes
the Buddha stood before me.
He said
even though I am a Bitter Demon.
I don't know what is the bitterest thing in the world.
I was so curious I asked him.
Then tell me.
what is the bitterest thing in the world?
He told me.
the day my form shatters
I will know.
What does that have to do with me?
I just touched the stone statue
and it shattered on its own.
That is fate.
After I become Buddha.
I will vow
to erase all your sins.
Come.
Take a puff.
I don't know how.
Don't know how to inhale or exhale?
The living all know how to.
Are you thinking I'm dirty?
Yes.
Toothless.
Why must I use that bitterest stone?
I didn't say it had to be that one.
Any one will do.
But that one is truly the bitterest stone.
Because that guy
peed on my form.
Can you change your appearance?
Like this?
I mean. can you change into someone else's appearance.
All appearances
are illusory.
One must see the pig to see the Tathagata.
"If you see all forms as no form."
as the saying goes.
It's not seeing a pig.
Pedantic.
Pretentious. who did you learn that from?
My father.
Your current form is his form when he was alive.
But he was a teacher
and not as vulgar as you.
Alright. alright. stop talking.
As long as you reveal this bitter fruit
you can insult me however you want.
Why won't this cigarette ever finish?
[Sweet]
[Bitter]
My father went out one day
and was bitten by a rabid dog.
After that day.
he caught a strange illness.
He feared the wind.
feared water.
feared light.
feared sound too.
He looked nothing like a human anymore.
He was a decent
refined man.
I knew he wouldn't want
to live with such a lack of dignity.
I knew sprouted potatoes were poisonous.
That day I chose one.
He died that very night.
In the middle of the night. I began to regret
because I realized
I would never hear him snoring again.
Heartbroken. the Dreamer like that dog.
he swallowed the bitter fruit he planted himself.
Another ten years passed.
The Dreamer retreated into the void.
[Huge Reward for Special Abilities]
There's enough money here to buy a life.
Let me see.
If he comes back and catches us
we'll lose our luck.
Did you see the money I dropped?
Wrapped in a newspaper.
Wrapped in paper?
Yes.
Didn't see it.
I'm afraid he'll come back. Let's split it quick.
Split it half and half.
Is anyone there?
How long are you staying?
Until the end of the month.
Are you here to show off your skills
to the Old Man too?
Everyone wants to get rich.
Wealth is sought in danger.
Let me tell you a secret.
The Old Man has a strange smell on him.
What kind of strange smell?
A strong smell of formalin.
My son is his guard.
He told me.
Valuables.
Keep them safe.
How did he die?
He was caught on the spot.
There was a fool who used the toilet opportunity
thinking he could escape.
Thinking the sanatorium wall was easy to climb.
He climbed out and was electrocuted.
These people are crazy.
How could the Old Man be so easily fooled?
You're an old hand at this.
Let's be friends.
Friends with fake money?
Find me a partner.
Me?
Someone sharper.
How about me?
A kid.
Unwanted.
What can fill a whole room?
Money.
Sunlight.
Idiot.
What door can never be opened?
A forehead.
What can one person do
that two cannot?
Dream.
I'll say one more that you definitely won't know.
Bet.
This is the hardest question in the world.
No one knows.
Riddles are childish.
I'll take you to make money.
How?
Shuffle the deck.
Draw a card.
Don't let me see.
I can sense
the card in your hand.
Impossible.
Come on.
Ten of Hearts.
How?
Impressive.
Actually. I have special powers.
Special powers?
What are special powers?
Special powers
are just the human body.
cracking under pressure.
What kind of pressure?
It's different for everyone.
Some when in the most danger.
some when in the most sorrow.
Again.
Jack of Hearts.
That's strange.
How much can you even make staying at the station?
Money is just a means to an end.
You can't take it with you when you die.
You have character.
Clubs...
I can teach you special abilities.
How do you have such ability?
Or are you
pulling a con?
Go again.
You're just using the glass.
That's why I need a partner.
That guy really has special powers.
He strapped a magnet to his thigh
and hid one in the cigarette butt.
He moves his leg under the table.
The cigarette moves with it.
How do you know all of this?
It's called reverse thinking.
How do we make money as partners?
If we work well together.
We split the Old Man's reward fifty-fifty.
No.
You're pretty greedy.
How much do you want?
Besides the reward.
I want you to use your reverse thinking
to solve a riddle for me.
What riddle?
What is it that humans lose
never to be found again?
Conscience.
Doesn't feel right.
Honesty.
Doesn't sound right either.
Is the answer that important?
To me...
It is the most important thing in the world.
All right.
After we're done. I'll solve it for you.
Seven of Hearts.
Seven of Spades.
Five of Spades.
Nice.
Impressive.
Great. great.
How did you guess it?
Here's a candy.
Guess again.
More candy
I want in.
What's this one?
Eight of Spades.
Can't guess this one?
Five of Hearts.
Seven of Hearts.
You guessed that too.
People
don't always need words to communicate.
Look at the con artists at the station.
They subconsciously
use eyes and gestures for signals to avoid detection.
As for us?
We need to weave a code that no one can crack.
Two. three. four.
Five. six. seven.
Eight. nine. ten.
Fist.
Smart.
What about the suits?
Eyes. nose.
Mouth. ears.
Spades. Hearts. Clubs. Diamonds.
Correct.
King of Hearts.
Nose.
Pinky finger.
Third joint.
You've memorized it well.
But you lack the acting skills.
Before we can fool others
we must first fool ourselves.
What is your best feature?
Nose.
Then we'll call this move.
Olfactory Card Reading.
Deep breath.
Imagine it really has a scent.
Then perform it.
I smell the ocean.
Deep in the ocean hides a person's heart.
It's black.
My father's scent.
Ace of Spades.
You did it.
Have you
ever seen the ocean?
The ocean.
I have.
Then you know
what the ocean looks like.
The ocean is just blue water.
Nothing special.
Blue?
Isn't that just sunlight reflecting and scattering?
Smart.
That is the ocean.
You're actually pretty childish.
Adding salt to water.
Like tears.
They said
my dad ran off to a place with an ocean.
The day he left
he left me a banknote.
That hardest riddle
was written on that money.
Even though I spent the money.
I feel like
if I solve this riddle
he might come back.
Seven of Diamonds.
[Poker]
My daughter has a sensitive nose.
Born with it?
No.
From a high fever.
Oh.
I used to play cards out a lot.
One time. she insisted on following me.
That time
she used her nose to win me a lot of money.
Stand over there.
Don't be afraid.
After smelling it.
I'll take you to see the ocean.
Ace
of Spades.
I'll flip another.
If I guess right
will you really take me to see the ocean?
I will.
This one.
Why is it still Ace of Spades?
Is it that simple?
It is that simple.
Do you really have special powers?
Go to sleep.
If you don't tell me. I can't sleep.
You were pushed so far away.
How could you have possibly seen that card?
I bribed the guard.
Guard?
The guard secretly stood behind the Old Man
and made this sign.
Ace
of Spades.
Ace of Spades.
And you.
How did you know it would still be the Ace of Spades?
Reverse thinking.
If it wasn't the Ace of Spades
you would have definitely found a way to tell me.
Great cooperation.
Thanks to your reverse thinking.
We survived that close call.
I'll give you more money.
Stop looking.
It's all real.
I don't think it was great.
You don't even know the answer to that riddle.
It's already late now.
When you wake up
I'll tell you for sure.
Taichi C. first floor. the last stop.
[What do humans lose that can never be found again?]
[Farts]
We got the money.
No wonder you wanted a kid.
This move is called Stripping.
Take off your leather jacket.
Give me your leather jacket.
What are you clutching in your hand?
Open your hand.
Is it nighttime now?
No.
Is the pool water blue?
Yes.
Is your father a con artist?
No.
If you lie
the polygraph needle will flicker.
I have a daughter.
We cut ties over a decade ago.
The only thing she took when she ran away
was this lunchbox.
I carried it with me during the war.
She said she wanted to destroy this lunchbox
to eliminate the proof
that I survived the war era.
A while ago.
I received news of her death.
Fire.
Only this lunchbox remained.
I recognized it instantly.
Inside was a burnt letter.
I used almost all scientific methods
but couldn't fully restore the letter.
Now can you tell me what this letter
actually said.
Hello.
Seeing the letter is like seeing me.
This is
my first letter to you.
Because I don't know what to call you.
So.
the first line
is blank.
She felt The Dreamer's weakening breath.
Time was running out.
The Dreamer reached the last night of 1999.
Put me down!
Wait till I catch you bastards.
Put me down if you dare!
Who is it?
Don't move!
I was wrong...
I was wrong. brother.
Sorry. I'm sorry.
Let me go.
Lower your leg.
Sorry. I'm sorry brother.
Hey.
What's the situation at the pier?
I don't understand what you're saying.
I asked what the situation is at the pier.
What time does the ship arrive?
The ship arrives at seven.
No. Boss.
Did you hear that?
Don't believe him!
Hey.
Big brother.
He's a con artist.
Hello. Dangmai Radio Station.
Hello.
I'd like to request a song for seven o'clock.
Sir. what song would you like to request?
Whatever.
I'll have...
I'd like to hear
piano piece.
Sir. what is your name and the message for the song?
No message.
I'm using it as an alarm clock.
Understood.
Aren't you afraid
of being hunted by those in raincoats?
Am I afraid of death?
Poison.
I'm not afraid either.
Save me.
Happy New Year!
End of the world!
Violin.
What's your name?
I'm Apollo.
How corny.
And you?
Tai Zhaomei.
Even cornier.
Need to unlock the safety first.
Fool.
That's a fake gun.
Do you know today is the end of the world?
Why hasn't the world ended yet?
Dawn hasn't broken yet.
What's the rush?
Do you have any regrets?
I've never bitten anyone.
I've never kissed anyone.
Where are you going?
To die.
They said over the phone
a cargo ship is docking tomorrow morning.
What color do you think it is?
Handsome. come inside and play.
Tai Zhaomei.
Hey. wait a second.
Where did she go?
Hey brother.
Want meds?
What meds?
For stamina.
What kind of stamina?
Extending a man's vitality.
Get a pack.
I don't need it.
Stop bluffing.
Forget it if you don't believe me.
Look. the weather is so nice today.
Shall we die together?
Rotted so quickly.
Tai Zhaomei.
If you've never bitten anyone
you should bite me.
Where are you actually going?
Want to play?
Lipstick.
Here.
Don't go!
Look.
At seven o'clock this morning
a ship will dock at that pier.
If it really is the end of the world.
I won't see tomorrow's sun.
If it isn't
I'll see the first light of the new century.
Isn't it just a sunrise.
What's so special about that?
I don't know.
Don't people love watching the moment the sun rises?
This place must still hold
the souls of many infants.
Why?
This used to be a nursery.
If
you tease them like you would an infant
they will respond to you.
Didn't we agree to let me go after tonight.
Isn't it not yet dawn.
Safety is on.
[Sunrise Cabaret]
Good morning. Mr. Luo.
I want to see today's sunrise.
Everything lasts for only a fleeting moment.
What's so beautiful about it?
Your grave soil.
It's in the private room.
Mr. Luo.
How should we dispose of it?
Dead bodies and blood smell.
Throw it far away.
Okay.
I'll handle it.
Let's go. Laifu.
Mr. Luo.
Everything is prepared here.
Good morning. Mr. Luo.
Clear the way.
Go inside and play.
Mr. Luo. please.
♪ Rare is the skill I hold ♪
♪ Yet I fail the trial of love ♪
♪ Fails. this tender affection ♪
♪ Wielding steel to no result ♪
♪ Flowing water cannot be severed ♪
♪ Love's knots cannot be broken ♪
♪ The blade is cold ♪
♪ Yet passion remains warm ♪
Tai Zhaomei!
♪ Deep in the heart is sorrow ♪
♪ The ruthless blade never errs ♪
♪ No fate. I can only sigh ♪
♪ Facing death with no fear ♪
♪ Parting brings such misery ♪
♪ How many setbacks in a life ♪
♪ Why must it all befall me ♪
♪ Wield the blade ♪
♪ Break the vow ♪
♪ Our meeting was a fated mistake ♪
♪ The ruthless blade never errs ♪
Come fight me one on one.
♪ No fate. I can only sigh ♪
♪ Facing death with no fear ♪
♪ Parting brings such misery ♪
♪ How many setbacks in a life ♪
♪ Why must it all befall me ♪
♪ Our meeting was a fated mistake ♪
♪ Wield the blade ♪
♪ Break the vow ♪
♪ Our meeting... ♪
Please sit.
Don't you have a gun?
That is to protect the one I love.
You don't even know my real name.
Go back.
You will really die.
Take off the gloves.
Do you hear me?
Look.
Humans are very fragile.
Very soon
he will die.
I don't want you to suck
blood that I haven't processed.
Because it is this blood
that will make you like those people.
Always wanting to find the meaning of existence.
I have lived for a long time
and died for a long time.
But until now
I don't know
what the meaning is behind this.
Dawn is coming.
I'm going to sleep.
Anyway.
time in our eyes is very fast.
When you wake up. you'll forget everything.
♪ Love the morning light ♪
♪ Buy a magnolia flower ♪
♪ On this rushed ♪
♪ journey ♪
♪ Love the morning light ♪
♪ Buy a magnolia flower ♪
♪ Let it bloom in your ♪
♪ heart ♪
♪ You are just a traveler ♪
♪ Where are you headed ♪
♪ in this bustling sea of people ♪
♪ Love the morning light ♪
♪ Buy a magnolia flower ♪
♪ Let it nestle by your side ♪
♪ To melt away the sorrow ♪
It's seven o'clock.
Go.
Will there really be a ship?
Red ship.
It's all real.
The piano music is real too.
The stamina meds are real too.
Apollo is real too.
You are real too.
I'm going to untie the ropes.
I have a secret I haven't told you.
I knew a long time ago.
Come on.
Port rudder.
Port rudder!
Forward.
Forward!
Neutral.
Return to starboard rudder.
Reverse.
Reverse!
Forward.
Depart!
You don't even know
my real
name.
I don't care.
And
my age.
You don't know that either.
I don't care either.
Actually I died a long time ago.
I am a vampire.
I really don't care.
Dawn is coming.
I'm scared.
I'm afraid of pain.
Bite me.
Thus
for her
it was barely over two short hours.
But for The Dreamer
a century had passed.
She broke into The Dreamer's final dream.
Making him think he was back by his mother's side.
At the very last moment of his death
she understood what The Dreamer was obsessed with.
So she decided to use that ancient
forgotten cinematic art
to speak to him one last time.
Though I do not know who you will become.
we were once but skeletons in history.
now. you are outside the silver screen.
Farewell.
though this dream is filled with bitterness.
though this dream has already collapsed.
THE END
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm